Knouted we understood what the role of the star is we can write our own structural directive.
So let's create a new directive and I will use D.S.O. for this.
I'll name it unless.
So I will basically create the opposite of de NGF directive.
This directive here will attach something only if the condition is false and if does it if the condition
is true.
So here all again delete the spec file here and then he unless correct if I get my selector which is
fine.
Now here I need to get to condition as an input.
So add an input and remember in the end we will use property binding with square brackets because angler
transforms that for us.
We need to of course import input from an Anglo core.
And then here I want to bind to a property named unless which kind of simplistic condition we get.
But whenever this condition changes.
So whenever some input parameter here changes I want to execute a method and therefore I can implement
a set or a set keyword.
This now turnstyles into a method though technically and that's important to understand this still is
a property.
It's just a set her off the property which is a method which gets executed whenever the property changes
and it of course changes whenever it changes outside of the directive.
So whenever the condition we pass changes or some parameter of this condition unless therefore needs
to receive the value the property would normally get as an input.
And we know that this will be a boolean because that will be our condition in the end.
So we could also name this condition then we can check if the condition is not true which is the case
in which I want to display something because unless the opposite of NGF and if the condition is true
well then I want to display nothing.
So that is how we get to condition how we use it how do we display something.
Keep in mind that our unless directive here in the end will sit on such Engy a template component because
that is what gets transformed to by angle or if we use Istari.
So we can get access to this template and we also need to get access to the place in the document where
we want to render it both can be injected.
The template can be injected by adding template ref any name you like but the type is of type template
ref.
So just like element ref gave us access to the element that directive was on Templi draft does the same
for a template and is a generic type you can simply pass any here and we need to import template ref
from an Anglo core the second information piece we need is to view container.
So where should we read it.
The template as to what now are the questions where.
So I'll name a VC reference for you contain a reference and the type is the container reference or view
container ref.
Which is also imported from an English core that marks the place where we placed this directive in the
document.
Angler marks this place and you can see those if you expect that in the developer tools actually.
So we have these two tools available we can use the VC ref whenever the condition changes to call the
Create embedded method which does just what the name applies it creates a view in this view container
and the view simply is our template ref.
So this template we created there is exactly this reference to the template there is exactly what we
need.
Well and if the condition is true in this case so if its not what we were looking for then we would
simply call the clear method to remove everything from this place in the dawn.
With that our own directive a set up of course we need to make sure that it is added here.
The seal I did this for us and now India component we can use our own directive may be to replace NGF
here so I'll comment out all this stuff here.
And only copied the original day of down their comments and of course.
So here instead of using NGF all use app unless and star is important because it still is a structural
directive.
Otherwise we would have to manually write Did we have this Engy templates and next you'll learn before.
So here of course we don't want to check if only orders false because keep in mind too unless they're
active we'll check for the opposite already.
So here we have to pass just only art.
And with this in place we get that we can bind to app unless because it's not a known property why do
we get this Cambre really hard to track.
We get this error because we're trying to do is we have property binding here custom property binding
with an input and we're binding a property named unless.
Now keep in mind D-Star.
Automatically transforms this this energy template syntax where we then try to property bind to the
directive name which is F unless we have to make sure that our property here shares the name of the
directive app.
Unless.
Exactly the same the same as the selector.
Now with this it works fine.
And as you can see if I toggle here we get the same behavior as before.
Even though I commented out the NGF block and use my own app unless they're active instead.
So daises our own custom structural directive but